Update docs (#167)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_driver/README.md

### driver_node.py

Node responsible for communication with motor controllers and computing inverse and forward kinematics of a robot. Commanded velocities are smoothed with acceleration constraints.

#### Publishes

- `/joint_states` [*sensor_msgs/JointState*]: robot joints states.
- `/panther/driver/motor_controllers_state` [*panther_msgs/DriverState*]: motor controllers current, voltage, fault flags, script flags, and runtime error flags.
- `/panther/odom/wheels` [*nav_msgs/Odometry*]: robot odometry calculated from wheels.
- `/panther/pose` [*geometry_msgs/Pose*]: robot position.
- `/tf` [*tf2_msgs/TFMessage*]: transform between `odom_frame` and `base_link_frame`.

> For a `/joint_states` message carrying given data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a `/joint_states` topic, message carries given data:
```
I think the meaning of this sentence was lost
